Hi, my name is Nick Vujicic, and when I
was born without arms and legs, my
parents had no idea that their limbless
boy would turn into the hands and feet of
the love of Jesus Christ spread all
around the world.
As a child, I was bullied, and I went to
Sunday school and learned that Jesus
loved me, that He had a hope plan in the
future for me as well.
Well, I'm like, What kind of plan is this?
Can I suggest a plan B?
So, I prayed for arms and legs, and they
did not come, and when I didn't hear
anything from heaven, I started doubting
that He indeed had a plan for me.
So, I prayed for arms and legs, but what
I realized what I needed more was heaven,
peace, purpose, and forgiveness of my sins.
At age 10, I tried to commit suicide
because of the bullying predominantly at school.
I didn't feel like I would ever be
independent and only a burden to my parents.
I would always be alone and never get
married and never have a family and never
find a purpose worth living for, hence, a
value worthy.
So, I tried to commit suicide at age 10
with 6 inches of bathwater.
I was stopped by one thought, and the
thought was seeing my mom and my dad
crying at my grave, wishing they could
have done something more.
At age 15, I gave my life to the Lord
Jesus Christ because I realized more than
arms and legs, I wanted purpose and
salvation and healing, forgiveness of my sins.
I wanted Jesus, but I still didn't know
why I was born this way.
Well, in John chapter 9, everyone asked
Jesus why was that blind man born that way.
Jesus said it was done so that the works
of God would be revealed through Him.
What I realized, I was actually as blind
as the blind man.
We had no idea what God had in store, and
just because you don't see what God has
in store doesn't mean His store is empty.
Kids come up and say, What happened?
And I say, Cigarettes.
Definitely as a child and a teenager, I
had never thought I would be a speaker
that would travel around the world and
meet presidents and speaker congresses
and be in stadiums as large as 110 ,000.
I had no idea.
And I just give God all the glory and all
the praise for the people who pray for
us, the people who support us, and made
this possible to travel around and preach
the gospel to millions of souls.
God loves me not because of what I can do
or what I will do for the kingdom of God.
He just loves me for me.
When I put my little foot on my wife's
womb as she was pregnant with our first
son, I felt him kick and I looked at my
wife in her eyes and I said, Babe, I love him.
I never touched him, saw him, heard him
laugh, seen him smile.
He never earned my love.
That love was always there from the
beginning, before he was even born.
So be challenged today to know that God
is not done with you yet.
He wants to stretch you a little bit.
And I dare you to believe in the
greatness of our God, because He has no limit.